Document ENABLE_GATSBY_REFRESH_ENDPOINT (#10641)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/environment-variables.md

- `NODE_ENV`
- `PUBLIC_DIR`

> Gatsby also allows you to specify another enviroment variable when runnng in `development`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Gatsby also allows you to specify another enviroment variable when running the local development server (e.g. `gatsby develop`): 
```

- `ENABLE_GATSBY_REFRESH_ENDPOINT`

> If set to true, this will expose a `/__refresh` webhook that is able to receive `POST` requests to refresh the content you are working with. This can be very useful if you are working with dynamic content while writing your applications, and you want your data to be automatically re-sourced every time a new change happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If set to true, this will expose a `/__refresh` webhook that is able to receive `POST` requests to _refresh_ the sourced content. This exposed webhook can be triggered whenever remote data changes, which means you can update your data without re-launching the development server.
```
